# blog-posts

**How has this course changed your outlook on learning? What’s changed?  Why?**
I have had to revamp my learning process to be successful in this course. Academics have always come easily to me. I can easily read and remember facts and concepts with ease, so when the time came to take the test, I could pick out the answer without hesitation. Coding has been nothing like my previous classroom experiences. I have had to be more diligent in not only memorizing the concepts, but familiarizing the processes of these concepts and how or when to apply them. It has taken loads of patience, trial and error, and self research. The outcome is that I have become more interested, more devoted, and more excited in my studies. The intrinsic gratification that has manifested after each completed project is incomparable. 

**When frustration comes up, how do you deal with it? What is your course of action?**
I have come face to face with frustration MANY times during my short while learning to code. When something is not working properly, my primary course of action is to “burn it down.” I simply start over from the beginning, writing entirely new code and watching carefully the outcome of each and every step. Usually I find the answer through this tedious process and it also has the benefit of continuously reinforcing the importance of actually writing the code rather than copy and pasting. 

**How do you describe the feeling of Imposter Syndrome? When does it affect you the most? Why?***
When I think about how imposter syndrome relates to me, I always come back to the same sentence that some little devil occasionally whispers in the back of my head -- "You have no business doing this!" I think what impacts me most is when I start to deep dive specific concepts explained by other developers, I have never seen myself in these types of professionals. They are usually reserved, middle aged men where I am a loud, young, outgoing female. My personality is rarely represented in this industry which can make it seem duanting and unattainable. I an concerned that perhaps that even if I am successful then I won't be taken seriously in the industry because I do not fit the expectation of what a developer should be. But hey, someone has to pave the way! Time to smash some glass ceilings then...

**What has your spare time looked like in-comparison to what it looked like a year ago?**
This course has been much more challenging than I expected in terms of balancing and prioritizing my time efficiently. Trying to juggle work, school, fitness, hobbies and general life errands has been…. Difficult. Every time I start to feel overwhelmed I write a list and arrange it by most challenging to least challenging tasks and I always start with the most challenging to get it out of the way. As a natural born procrastinator, it has been an extremely impactful shift in my personality. But, like they say, a body in motion stays in motion!  
